CONFIDENTIAL: Memorandum of Understanding between XYZ Corporation and ABC Company

This Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") sets forth the general terms and conditions under which XYZ Corporation ("XYZ") and ABC Company ("ABC") plan to 
collaborate on the development of a new product.

Purpose: The purpose of this MOU is to establish a framework for collaboration between XYZ and ABC for the joint development of a new product.

Scope of Work: The scope of work under this MOU will include research and development, design, testing, and commercialization of the new product.

Ownership and Intellectual Property: Any and all intellectual property rights in and to the new product will be jointly owned by XYZ and ABC.

Timeframe: The parties anticipate that the collaboration will be completed within 12 months of the date of this MOU.

Confidentiality: The parties agree to keep the terms of this MOU, as well as any information exchanged during the collaboration, confidential and not to 
disclose such information to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party.

Governing Law: This MOU will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

Dispute Resolution: Any disputes arising under or in connection with this MOU will be resolved through mediation, and if necessary, 
binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.

Entire Agreement: This MOU contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes 
all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, whether oral or written.

Amending and Modifying: This MOU may be amended or modified only by a written instrument executed by both parties.

Counterparts: This MOU may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, 
will constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this MOU as of the date first above written.

XYZ Corporation

Authorized Signatory

ABC Company

Authorized Signatory"